word = aaa
NO MATCHES

word = abace
NO MATCHES

word = abaci
NO MATCHES

word = abacie
abacie/ba = acie
abacie/acie = ba

word = abadańscy
NO MATCHES

word = abadańska
NO MATCHES

word = abadańską
NO MATCHES

word = abadański
NO MATCHES

word = abadańskich
NO MATCHES

word = abadańskie
NO MATCHES

word = abadańskiego
abadańskiego/go = abadańskie
abadańskiego/ego = abadański
abadańskiego/abadański = ego
abadańskiego/abadańskie = go

word = abadańskiej
abadańskiej/ej = abadański
abadańskiej/abadański = ej

word = abadańskiemu
abadańskiemu/mu = abadańskie
abadańskiemu/emu = abadański
abadańskiemu/abadański = emu
abadańskiemu/abadańskie = mu

word = abadańskim
NO MATCHES

word = abadańskimi
abadańskimi/mi = abadański
abadańskimi/im = abadański
abadańskimi/abadański = mi

word = abadańsku
NO MATCHES

word = abak
NO MATCHES

word = abaka
NO MATCHES

word = abakach
abakach/ach = baka
abakach/baka = ach
abakach/abak = ach

word = abakami
abakami/mi = abaka
abakami/abaka = mi

word = abakan
NO MATCHES

word = abakanach
abakanach/na = abakach
abakanach/ana = bakach
abakanach/bakach = ana
abakanach/abakan = ach
abakanach/abakach = na

word = abakanami
abakanami/na = abakami
abakanami/ana = bakami
abakanami/nami = abaka
abakanami/abaka = nami
abakanami/bakami = ana
abakanami/abakami = na

word = abakance
abakance/ce = abakan
abakance/kan = abace
abakance/abace = kan
abakance/abakan = ce

word = abakanek
NO MATCHES

word = abakanem
abakanem/em = abakan
abakanem/nem = abaka
abakanem/abaka = nem
abakanem/abakan = em

word = abakanie
abakanie/ba = akanie
abakanie/nie = abaka
abakanie/abaka = nie
abakanie/akanie = ba

word = abakanka
abakanka/kan = abaka
abakanka/kana = abak
abakanka/abakan = ka

word = abakankach
abakankach/kan = abakach
abakankach/kanach = abak

word = abakankami
abakankami/mi = abakanka
abakankami/kan = abakami
abakankami/kanami = abak
abakankami/abakan = kami
abakankami/abakanka = mi

word = abakanką
abakanką/kan = abaką
abakanką/kaną = abak

word = abakankę
abakankę/kan = abakę
abakankę/kanę = abak

word = abakanki
abakanki/kan = abaki
abakanki/kani = abak
abakanki/abakan = ki

word = abakanko
abakanko/kan = abako
abakanko/kano = abak
abakanko/abakan = ko

word = abakankom
abakankom/kan = abakom
abakankom/kanom = abak
abakankom/abakan = kom

word = abakanom
abakanom/om = abakan
abakanom/nom = abaka
abakanom/abaka = nom
abakanom/abakan = om

word = abakanowi
abakanowi/owi = abakan
abakanowi/nowi = abaka
abakanowi/abaka = nowi
abakanowi/abakan = owi

word = abakanów
abakanów/ów = abakan
abakanów/nów = abaka
abakanów/abaka = nów
abakanów/abakan = ów

word = abakanu
abakanu/nu = abaka
abakanu/au = bakan
abakanu/bakan = au
abakanu/abaka = nu

word = abakany
abakany/ny = abaka
abakany/abaka = ny

word = abakańczycy
NO MATCHES

word = abakańczyk
NO MATCHES

word = abakańczyka
NO MATCHES

word = abakańczykach
abakańczykach/abakańczyk = ach

word = abakańczykami
abakańczykami/mi = abakańczyka
abakańczykami/abakańczyka = mi

word = abakańczyki
NO MATCHE