word = gabardyn
gabardyn/ba = gardyn
gabardyn/gan = bardy
gabardyn/ban = gardy
gabardyn/gady = barn
gabardyn/garn = bady
gabardyn/bady = garn
gabardyn/barn = gady
gabardyn/gardy = ban
gabardyn/bardy = gan
gabardyn/gardyn = ba

word = gabardyna
gabardyna/ba = gardyna
gabardyna/gana = bardy
gabardyna/bady = garna
gabardyna/bana = gardy
gabardyna/gardy = bana
gabardyna/garna = bady
gabardyna/bardy = gana
gabardyna/gardyna = ba

word = gabardynach
gabardynach/ba = gardynach
gabardynach/gady = barnach
gabardynach/bach = gardyna
gabardynach/bady = garnach
gabardynach/gardy = banach
gabardynach/bardy = ganach
gabardynach/ganach = bardy
gabardynach/banach = gardy
gabardynach/gardyna = bach
gabardynach/garnach = bady
gabardynach/barnach = gady
gabardynach/gabardyn = ach
gabardynach/gardynach = ba

word = gabardynami
gabardynami/mi = gabardyna
gabardynami/ba = gardynami
gabardynami/gady = barnami
gabardynami/bady = garnami
gabardynami/gardy = banami
gabardynami/bardy = ganami
gabardynami/ganami = bardy
gabardynami/banami = gardy
gabardynami/garnami = bady
gabardynami/barnami = gady
gabardynami/gabardyna = mi
gabardynami/gardynami = ba

word = gabardyną
gabardyną/ba = gardyną
gabardyną/bady = garną
gabardyną/garną = bady
gabardyną/gardyną = ba

word = gabardynę
gabardynę/ba = gardynę
gabardynę/bady = garnę
gabardynę/garnę = bady
gabardynę/gardynę = ba

word = gabardynie
gabardynie/ba = gardynie
gabardynie/gady = barnie
gabardynie/bady = garnie
gabardynie/ganie = bardy
gabardynie/gardy = banie
gabardynie/banie = gardy
gabardynie/bardy = ganie
gabardynie/garnie = bady
gabardynie/barnie = gady
gabardynie/gardynie = ba

word = gabardyno
gabardyno/ba = gardyno
gabardyno/abo = gardyn
gabardyno/bady = garno
gabardyno/bano = gardy
gabardyno/gardy = bano
gabardyno/garno = bady
gabardyno/gardyno = ba

word = gabardynom
gabardynom/om = gabardyn
gabardynom/ba = gardynom
gabardynom/bam = gardyno
gabardynom/gady = barnom
gabardynom/bady = garnom
gabardynom/ganom = bardy
gabardynom/gardy = banom
gabardynom/banom = gardy
gabardynom/bardy = ganom
gabardynom/garnom = bady
gabardynom/barnom = gady
gabardynom/gardyno = bam
gabardynom/gabardyn = om
gabardynom/gardynom = ba

word = gabardynowa
gabardynowa/owa = gabardyn
gabardynowa/gabardyn = owa

word = gabardynową
gabardynową/ową = gabardyn
gabardynową/gabardyn = ową

word = gabardynowe
gabardynowe/we = gabardyno
gabardynowe/owe = gabardyn
gabardynowe/gabardyn = owe
gabardynowe/gabardyno = we

word = gabardynowego
gabardynowego/owego = gabardyn
gabardynowego/gabardyn = owego
gabardynowego/gabardynowe = go

word = gabardynowej
gabardynowej/owej = gabardyn
gabardynowej/gabardyn = owej

word = gabardynowemu
gabardynowemu/mu = gabardynowe
gabardynowemu/owemu = gabardyn
gabardynowemu/gabardyn = owemu
gabardynowemu/gabardynowe = mu

word = gabardynowi
gabardynowi/owi = gabardyn
gabardynowi/gady = barnowi
gabardynowi/bawi = gardyno
gabardynowi/gardy = banowi
gabardynowi/bardy = ganowi
gabardynowi/ganowi = bardy
gabardynowi/banowi = gardy
gabardynowi/gardyno = bawi
gabardynowi/barnowi = gady
gabardynowi/gabardyn = owi

word = gabardynowy
gabardynowy/wy = gabardyno
gabardynowy/gabardyno = wy

word = gabardynowych
gabardynowych/owych = gabardyn
gabardynowych/gabardyn = owych

word = gabardynowym
gabardynowym/wy = gabardynom
gabardynowym/owym = gabardyn
gabardynowym/gabardyn = owym
gabardynowym/gabardynom = wy

word = gabardynowymi
gabardynowymi/mi = gabardynowy
gabardynowymi/owymi = gabardyn
gabardynowymi/gabardyn = owymi
gabardynowymi/gabardynowy = mi

word = gabardyny
gabardyny/ba = gardyny
gabardyny/gady = barny
gabardyny/gany = bardy
gabardyny/bady = garny
gabardyny/bany = gardy
gabardyny/gardy = bany
gabardyny/garny = bady
gabardyny/bardy = gany
gabardyny/barny = gady
gabardyny/gardyny = ba

word = gabarycie
gabarycie/gay = barcie
gabarycie/gry = abacie
gabarycie/gary = bacie
gabarycie/gaye = barci
gabarycie/bary = gacie
gabarycie/gacie = bary
gabarycie/bacie = gary
gabarycie/barci = gaye
gabarycie/barcie = gay
gabarycie/abacie = gry

word = gabaryt
gabaryt/gay = bart
gabaryt/gry = abat
gabaryt/bat = gary
gabaryt/gary = bat
gabaryt/bart = gay
gabaryt/abat = gry

word = gabarytach
gabarytach/gay = bartach
gabarytach/gry = abatach
gabarytach/gary = batach
gabarytach/bart = gayach
gabarytach/gayach = bart
gabarytach/batach = gary
gabarytach/gabaryt = ach
gabarytach/bartach = gay
gabarytach/abatach = gry

word = gabarytami
gabarytami/gay = bartami
gabarytami/gry = abatami
gabarytami/gary = batami
gabarytami/bart = gayami
gabarytami/gayami = bart
gabarytami/batami = gary
gabarytami/bartami = gay
gabarytami/abatami = gry

word = gabarytem
gabarytem/em = gabaryt
gabarytem/gry = abatem
gabarytem/gary = batem
gabarytem/bart = gayem
gabarytem/gayem = bart
gabarytem/batem = gary
gabarytem/abatem = gry
gabarytem/gabaryt = em

word = gabarytom
gabarytom/om = gabaryt