word = ha
NO MATCHES

word = habaner
habaner/ha = baner
habaner/baner = ha

word = habanera
habanera/ha = banera
habanera/banera = ha

word = habanerach
habanerach/ha = banerach
habanerach/habaner = ach
habanerach/banerach = ha

word = habanerami
habanerami/mi = habanera
habanerami/ha = banerami
habanerami/habanera = mi
habanerami/banerami = ha

word = habanerą
NO MATCHES

word = habanerę
NO MATCHES

word = habanero
habanero/hao = baner
habanero/baner = hao

word = habanerom
habanerom/om = habaner
habanerom/ha = banerom
habanerom/haom = baner
habanerom/baner = haom
habanerom/habaner = om
habanerom/banerom = ha

word = habanery
habanery/ha = banery
habanery/banery = ha

word = habanerze
habanerze/ze = habaner
habanerze/ha = banerze
habanerze/habaner = ze
habanerze/banerze = ha

word = habas
habas/ha = bas
habas/ba = has
habas/has = ba
habas/bas = ha

word = habasa
habasa/ha = basa
habasa/ba = hasa
habasa/hasa = ba
habasa/basa = ha

word = habasach
habasach/ha = basach
habasach/ba = hasach
habasach/hasa = bach
habasach/bach = hasa
habasach/habas = ach
habasach/hasach = ba
habasach/basach = ha

word = habasami
habasami/mi = habasa
habasami/ha = basami
habasami/ba = hasami
habasami/bai = hasam
habasami/hasam = bai
habasami/habasa = mi
habasami/hasami = ba
habasami/basami = ha

word = habasem
habasem/ha = basem
habasem/em = habas
habasem/ba = hasem
habasem/habas = em
habasem/hasem = ba
habasem/basem = ha

word = habasie
habasie/ha = basie
habasie/ba = hasie
habasie/hasie = ba
habasie/basie = ha

word = habasom
habasom/om = habas
habasom/ha = basom
habasom/ba = hasom
habasom/hao = basm
habasom/bas = haom
habasom/haom = bas
habasom/basm = hao
habasom/habas = om
habasom/hasom = ba
habasom/basom = ha

word = habasowi
habasowi/ha = basowi
habasowi/ba = hasowi
habasowi/owi = habas
habasowi/habas = owi
habasowi/hasowi = ba
habasowi/basowi = ha

word = habasów
habasów/ów = habas
habasów/ha = basów
habasów/ba = hasów
habasów/habas = ów
habasów/hasów = ba
habasów/basów = ha

word = habasy
habasy/ha = basy
habasy/ba = hasy
habasy/aby = has
habasy/hasy = ba
habasy/basy = ha

word = habdank
NO MATCHES

word = habdankach
habdankach/habdank = ach

word = habdankami
NO MATCHES

word = habdanki
NO MATCHES

word = habdankiem
habdankiem/em = habdanki
habdankiem/habdanki = em

word = habdankom
habdankom/om = habdank
habdankom/habdank = om

word = habdankowi
habdankowi/owi = habdank
habdankowi/habdank = owi

word = habdanków
habdanków/ów = habdank
habdanków/habdank = ów

word = habdanku
NO MATCHES

word = habend
NO MATCHES

word = habenda
NO MATCHES

word = habendach
habendach/habend = ach

word = habendami
habendami/mi = habenda
habendami/habenda = mi

word = habendą
NO MATCHES

word = habendę
NO MATCHES

word = habendo
NO MATCHES

word = habendom
habendom/om = habend
habendom/habend = om

word = habendy
NO MATCHES

word = habendzie
NO MATCHES

word = habicie
habicie/ha = bicie
habicie/bicie = ha

word = habilitacja
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacjach
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacjami
habilitacjami/mi = habilitacja
habilitacjami/habilitacja = mi

word = habilitacją
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacje
NO MATCHES

word = habilitację
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacji
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacjo
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacjom
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacyj
NO MATCHES

word = habilitacyjna
habilitacyjna/na = habilitacyj
habi