word = ibadańscy
ibadańscy/bada = ińscy
ibadańscy/ińscy = bada

word = ibadańska
ibadańska/iska = badań
ibadańska/bada = ińska
ibadańska/ińska = bada
ibadańska/badań = iska

word = ibadańską
ibadańską/bada = ińską
ibadańską/ińską = bada

word = ibadański
ibadański/iski = badań
ibadański/bada = iński
ibadański/iński = bada
ibadański/badań = iski

word = ibadańskich
ibadańskich/bada = ińskich
ibadańskich/idach = bański
ibadańskich/iński = badach
ibadańskich/badach = iński
ibadańskich/bański = idach
ibadańskich/ińskich = bada

word = ibadańskie
ibadańskie/bada = ińskie
ibadańskie/ińskie = bada

word = ibadańskiego
ibadańskiego/go = ibadańskie
ibadańskiego/ego = ibadański
ibadańskiego/bada = ińskiego
ibadańskiego/ińskiego = bada
ibadańskiego/ibadański = ego
ibadańskiego/ibadańskie = go

word = ibadańskiej
ibadańskiej/ej = ibadański
ibadańskiej/bada = ińskiej
ibadańskiej/badaj = ińskie
ibadańskiej/ińskie = badaj
ibadańskiej/ińskiej = bada
ibadańskiej/ibadański = ej

word = ibadańskiemu
ibadańskiemu/mu = ibadańskie
ibadańskiemu/emu = ibadański
ibadańskiemu/bada = ińskiemu
ibadańskiemu/ińskiemu = bada
ibadańskiemu/ibadański = emu
ibadańskiemu/ibadańskie = mu

word = ibadańskim
ibadańskim/bada = ińskim
ibadańskim/iński = badam
ibadańskim/badam = iński
ibadańskim/ińskim = bada

word = ibadańskimi
ibadańskimi/mi = ibadański
ibadańskimi/bada = ińskimi
ibadańskimi/idami = bański
ibadańskimi/iński = badami
ibadańskimi/badami = iński
ibadańskimi/bański = idami
ibadańskimi/ińskimi = bada
ibadańskimi/ibadański = mi

word = ibadańsku
ibadańsku/isku = badań
ibadańsku/bada = ińsku
ibadańsku/ińsku = bada
ibadańsku/badań = isku

word = ibadyci
NO MATCHES

word = ibadycie
ibadycie/idy = bacie
ibadycie/bacie = idy

word = ibadyta
ibadyta/idy = bata
ibadyta/bata = idy

word = ibadytach
ibadytach/idy = batach
ibadytach/batach = idy

word = ibadytami
ibadytami/mi = ibadyta
ibadytami/idy = batami
ibadytami/batami = idy
ibadytami/ibadyta = mi

word = ibadytą
NO MATCHES

word = ibadytę
NO MATCHES

word = ibadyto
NO MATCHES

word = ibadytom
ibadytom/idy = batom
ibadytom/batom = idy

word = ibadytów
ibadytów/idy = batów
ibadytów/batów = idy

word = ibadyty
ibadyty/idy = baty
ibadyty/baty = idy

word = ibeelowca
ibeelowca/ee = iblowca
ibeelowca/iblowca = ee

word = ibeelowcach
ibeelowcach/ee = iblowcach
ibeelowcach/iblowcach = ee

word = ibeelowcami
ibeelowcami/mi = ibeelowca
ibeelowcami/ee = iblowcami
ibeelowcami/ibeelowca = mi
ibeelowcami/iblowcami = ee

word = ibeelowce
ibeelowce/ee = iblowce
ibeelowce/iblowce = ee

word = ibeelowcem
ibeelowcem/ee = iblowcem
ibeelowcem/iblowcem = ee

word = ibeelowcom
ibeelowcom/ee = iblowcom
ibeelowcom/iblowcom = ee

word = ibeelowcowi
ibeelowcowi/ee = iblowcowi
ibeelowcowi/iblowcowi = ee

word = ibeelowców
ibeelowców/ee = iblowców
ibeelowców/iblowców = ee

word = ibeelowcu
ibeelowcu/ee = iblowcu
ibeelowcu/iblowcu = ee

word = ibeelowcy
ibeelowcy/ee = iblowcy
ibeelowcy/iblowcy = ee

word = ibeelowcze
ibeelowcze/ee = iblowcze
ibeelowcze/iblowcze = ee

word = ibeelowiec
ibeelowiec/ee = iblowiec
ibeelowiec/iblowiec = ee

word = ibeelowscy
ibeelowscy/ee = iblowscy
ibeelowscy/iblowscy = ee

word = ibeelowska
ibeelowska/ee = iblowska
ibeelowska/iblowska = ee

word = ibeelowską
ibeelowską/ee = iblowską
ibeelowską/iblowską = ee

word = ibeelowski
ibeelowski/ee = iblowski
ibeelowski/iblowski = ee

word = ibeelows