word = oasowca
oasowca/os = aowca
oasowca/aowca = os

word = oasowcach
oasowcach/os = aowcach
oasowcach/aowcach = os

word = oasowcami
oasowcami/os = aowcami
oasowcami/mi = oasowca
oasowcami/oasowca = mi
oasowcami/aowcami = os

word = oasowce
oasowce/os = aowce
oasowce/aowce = os

word = oasowcem
oasowcem/os = aowcem
oasowcem/osm = aowce
oasowcem/owce = asom
oasowcem/asom = owce
oasowcem/aowce = osm
oasowcem/aowcem = os

word = oasowcom
oasowcom/os = aowcom
oasowcom/owco = asom
oasowcom/asom = owco
oasowcom/aowcom = os

word = oasowcowi
oasowcowi/os = aowcowi
oasowcowi/owco = asowi
oasowcowi/aowcowi = os

word = oasowców
oasowców/os = aowców
oasowców/aowców = os

word = oasowcu
oasowcu/os = aowcu
oasowcu/aowcu = os

word = oasowcy
oasowcy/os = aowcy
oasowcy/aowcy = os

word = oasowcze
oasowcze/os = aowcze
oasowcze/aowcze = os

word = oasowiec
oasowiec/os = aowiec
oasowiec/aowiec = os

word = oasowscy
NO MATCHES

word = oasowska
NO MATCHES

word = oasowską
NO MATCHES

word = oasowski
NO MATCHES

word = oasowskich
NO MATCHES

word = oasowskie
NO MATCHES

word = oasowskiego
oasowskiego/go = oasowskie
oasowskiego/ego = oasowski
oasowskiego/oasowski = ego
oasowskiego/oasowskie = go

word = oasowskiej
oasowskiej/ej = oasowski
oasowskiej/oasowski = ej

word = oasowskiemu
oasowskiemu/mu = oasowskie
oasowskiemu/emu = oasowski
oasowskiemu/oasowski = emu
oasowskiemu/oasowskie = mu

word = oasowskim
NO MATCHES

word = oasowskimi
oasowskimi/mi = oasowski
oasowskimi/im = oasowski
oasowskimi/oasowski = mi

word = oasowsku
NO MATCHES

word = oaz
NO MATCHES

word = oaza
NO MATCHES

word = oazach
oazach/oaz = ach

word = oazami
oazami/mi = oaza
oazami/oaza = mi

word = oazą
NO MATCHES

word = oazę
NO MATCHES

word = oazie
NO MATCHES

word = oazo
NO MATCHES

word = oazom
oazom/oaz = om

word = oazowa
oazowa/oaz = owa

word = oazową
oazową/oaz = ową

word = oazowca
oazowca/oz = aowca
oazowca/oaz = owca
oazowca/aowca = oz

word = oazowcach
oazowcach/oz = aowcach
oazowcach/oaz = owcach
oazowcach/aowcach = oz

word = oazowcami
oazowcami/oz = aowcami
oazowcami/mi = oazowca
oazowcami/oaz = owcami
oazowcami/oazowca = mi
oazowcami/aowcami = oz

word = oazowce
oazowce/oz = aowce
oazowce/oaz = owce
oazowce/aowce = oz

word = oazowcem
oazowcem/oz = aowcem
oazowcem/aowcem = oz

word = oazowcom
oazowcom/oz = aowcom
oazowcom/oaz = owcom
oazowcom/aowcom = oz

word = oazowcowi
oazowcowi/oz = aowcowi
oazowcowi/owco = azowi
oazowcowi/aowcowi = oz

word = oazowców
oazowców/oz = aowców
oazowców/aowców = oz

word = oazowcu
oazowcu/oz = aowcu
oazowcu/aowcu = oz

word = oazowcy
oazowcy/oz = aowcy
oazowcy/oaz = owcy
oazowcy/aowcy = oz

word = oazowcze
oazowcze/oz = aowcze
oazowcze/oaz = owcze
oazowcze/acz = ozowe
oazowcze/ozowe = acz
oazowcze/aowcze = oz

word = oazowe
oazowe/we = oazo
oazowe/oaz = owe
oazowe/oazo = we

word = oazowego
oazowego/go = oazowe
oazowego/oaz = owego
oazowego/ago = ozowe
oazowego/ozowe = ago
oazowego/oazowe = go

word = oazowej
oazowej/oj = azowe
oazowej/aj = ozowe
oazowej/oaz = owej
oazowej/ozowe = aj
oazowej/azowe = oj

word = oazowemu
oazowemu/mu = oazowe
oazowemu/oaz = owemu
oazowemu/oazowe = mu

word = oazowi
oazowi/oaz = owi

word = oazowicz
oazowicz/acz = ozowi
oazowicz/ozowi = acz

word = oazowicza
NO MATCHES

word = oazowiczach
oazowiczach/czach = oazowi
oazowiczach/azowi = oczach
oazowiczach/oazowi = czach
oazowiczach/oczach = azowi
oazowiczach/oazowicz = ach

word = oazowiczami
oazowiczami/mi = oazowicza
oazowiczami/azowi = oczami
oazowiczami/oczami = azowi
oazowiczami/oazowicza = mi

word = oazowiczce
oazowiczce/oazowicz = ce

word = oazowicze
oazowicze/cze = oazowi
oazowicze/oazowi = cze

word = oazowiczek
oazowiczek/czek = oazowi
oazowiczek/oczek = azowi
oazowiczek/owcze = azoik
oazowiczek/azoik = owcze
oazowiczek/azowi = oczek
oazowiczek/oazowi = czek

word = oazowiczem
oazowiczem/im = oazowcze
oazowiczem/em = oazowicz
oazowiczem/izm = oazowce
oazowiczem/oazowce = izm
oazowiczem/oazowcze = im
oazowiczem/oazowicz = em

word = oazowiczka
oazowiczka/ka = oazowicz
oazowiczka/czka = oazowi
oazowiczka/oczka = azowi
oazowiczka/owcza = azoik
oazowiczka/azoik = owcza
oazowiczka/azowi = oczka
oazowiczka/oazowi = czka
oazowiczka/oazowicz = ka

word = oazowiczkach
oazowiczkach/azowi = oczkach
oazowiczkach/oczkach = azowi

word = oazowiczkami
oazowiczkami/mi = oazowiczka
oazowiczkami/kami = oazowicz
oazowiczkami/azowi = oczkami
oazowiczkami/oczkami = azowi
oazowiczkami/oazowicz = kami
oazowiczkami/oazowiczka = mi

word = oazowiczką
oazowiczką/owczą = azoik
oazowiczką/azoik = owczą

word = oazowiczkę
NO MATCHES

word = oazowiczki
oazowiczki/ki = oazowicz
oazowiczki/oczki = azowi
oazowiczki/azowi = oczki
oazowiczki/oazowicz = ki

word = oazowiczko
oazowiczko/ko = oazowicz
oazowiczko/oczko = azowi
oazowiczko/azowi = oczko
oazowiczko/oazowicz = ko

word = oazowiczkom
oazowiczkom/kom = oazowicz
oazowiczkom/azowi = oczkom
oazowiczkom/oczkom = azowi
oazowiczkom/oazowicz = kom

word = oazowiczom
oazowiczom/oczom = azowi
oazowiczom/azowi = oczom
oazowiczom/oazowicz = om

word = oazowiczowi
oazowiczowi/oazowicz = owi

word = oazowiczów
oazowiczów/ów = oazowicz
oazowiczów/oczów = azowi
oazowiczów/azowi = oczów
oazowiczów/oazowicz = ów

word = oazowiczu
oazowiczu/oczu = azowi
oazowiczu/azowi = oczu

word = oazowiec
oazowiec/oz = aowiec
oazowiec/oaz = owiec
oazowiec/wiec = oazo
oazowiec/oazo = wiec
oazowiec/aowiec = oz

word = oazowy
oazowy/wy = oazo
oazowy/oazo = wy

word = oazowych
oazowych/oaz = owych
oazowych/och = azowy
oazowych/ach = ozowy
oazowych/ozowy = ach
oazowych/azowy = och

word = oazowym
oazowym/wy = oazom
oazowym/om = azowy
oazowym/oaz = owym
oazowym/oazom = wy
oazowym/azowy = om

word = oazowymi
oazowymi/mi = oazowy
oazowymi/oaz = owymi
oazowymi/oazowy = mi

word = oazówce
NO MATCHES

word = oazówek
NO MATCHES

word = oazówka
NO MATCHES

word = oazówkach
NO MATCHES

word = oazówkami
oazówkami/mi = oazówka
oazówkami/oazówka = mi

word = 