word = ta
NO MATCHES

word = tab
NO MATCHES

word = tabace
tabace/ta = bace
tabace/ba = tace
tabace/tace = ba
tabace/bace = ta

word = tabaczana
tabaczana/ba = taczana
tabaczana/bana = tacza
tabaczana/tacza = bana
tabaczana/taczana = ba

word = tabaczaną
tabaczaną/ba = taczaną
tabaczaną/taczaną = ba

word = tabaczane
tabaczane/ba = taczane
tabaczane/taczane = ba

word = tabaczanego
tabaczanego/go = tabaczane
tabaczanego/ba = taczanego
tabaczanego/tabaczne = ago
tabaczanego/tabaczane = go
tabaczanego/taczanego = ba

word = tabaczanej
tabaczanej/ba = taczanej
tabaczanej/baj = taczane
tabaczanej/taczane = baj
tabaczanej/tabaczne = aj
tabaczanej/taczanej = ba

word = tabaczanemu
tabaczanemu/mu = tabaczane
tabaczanemu/ba = taczanemu
tabaczanemu/tabaczane = mu
tabaczanemu/taczanemu = ba

word = tabaczani
tabaczani/ba = taczani
tabaczani/bani = tacza
tabaczani/tacza = bani
tabaczani/taczani = ba

word = tabaczany
tabaczany/ba = taczany
tabaczany/bany = tacza
tabaczany/tacza = bany
tabaczany/taczany = ba

word = tabaczanych
tabaczanych/ba = taczanych
tabaczanych/taczany = bach
tabaczanych/tabaczny = ach
tabaczanych/taczanych = ba

word = tabaczanym
tabaczanym/ba = taczanym
tabaczanym/bam = taczany
tabaczanym/bany = taczam
tabaczanym/taczam = bany
tabaczanym/taczany = bam
tabaczanym/taczanym = ba

word = tabaczanymi
tabaczanymi/mi = tabaczany
tabaczanymi/ba = taczanymi
tabaczanymi/bai = taczanym
tabaczanymi/abym = taczani
tabaczanymi/taczanym = bai
tabaczanymi/tabaczany = mi
tabaczanymi/taczanymi = ba

word = tabaczkowa
tabaczkowa/ba = taczkowa
tabaczkowa/bacz = takowa
tabaczkowa/takowa = bacz
tabaczkowa/taczkowa = ba

word = tabaczkową
tabaczkową/ba = taczkową
tabaczkową/bacz = takową
tabaczkową/takową = bacz
tabaczkową/taczkową = ba

word = tabaczkowe
tabaczkowe/ba = taczkowe
tabaczkowe/bacz = takowe
tabaczkowe/takowe = bacz
tabaczkowe/taczkowe = ba

word = tabaczkowego
tabaczkowego/go = tabaczkowe
tabaczkowego/ba = taczkowego
tabaczkowego/bacz = takowego
tabaczkowego/takowego = bacz
tabaczkowego/tabaczkowe = go
tabaczkowego/taczkowego = ba

word = tabaczkowej
tabaczkowej/ba = taczkowej
tabaczkowej/baj = taczkowe
tabaczkowej/bacz = takowej
tabaczkowej/takowej = bacz
tabaczkowej/taczkowe = baj
tabaczkowej/taczkowej = ba

word = tabaczkowemu
tabaczkowemu/mu = tabaczkowe
tabaczkowemu/ba = taczkowemu
tabaczkowemu/bacz = takowemu
tabaczkowemu/takowemu = bacz
tabaczkowemu/tabaczkowe = mu
tabaczkowemu/taczkowemu = ba

word = tabaczkowi
tabaczkowi/ta = baczkowi
tabaczkowi/ba = taczkowi
tabaczkowi/bacz = takowi
tabaczkowi/bawi = taczko
tabaczkowi/taczko = bawi
tabaczkowi/takowi = bacz
tabaczkowi/taczkowi = ba
tabaczkowi/baczkowi = ta

word = tabaczkowy
tabaczkowy/ba = taczkowy
tabaczkowy/bacz = takowy
tabaczkowy/takowy = bacz
tabaczkowy/taczkowy = ba

word = tabaczkowych
tabaczkowych/ba = taczkowych
tabaczkowych/bacz = takowych
tabaczkowych/taczkowy = bach
tabaczkowych/takowych = bacz
tabaczkowych/taczkowych = ba

word = tabaczkowym
tabaczkowym/ba = taczkowym
tabaczkowym/bam = taczkowy
tabaczkowym/bacz = takowym
tabaczkowym/takowym = bacz
tabaczkowym/taczkowy = bam
tabaczkowym/taczkowym = ba

word = tabaczkowymi
tabaczkowymi/mi = tabaczkowy
tabaczkowymi/ba = taczkowymi
tabaczkowymi/czi = tabakowym
tabaczkowymi/bai = taczkowym
tabaczkowymi/czym = tabakowi
tabaczkowymi/bacz = takowymi
tabaczkowymi/abym = taczkowi
tabaczkowymi/tacki = bazowym
tabaczkowymi/bazowym = tacki
tabaczkowymi/tabakowi = czym
tabaczkowymi/takowymi = bacz
tabaczkowymi/tabakowym = czi
tabaczkowymi/taczkowym = bai
tabaczkowymi/tabaczkowy = mi
tabaczkowymi/taczkowymi = ba

word = tabaczna
tabaczna/ta = baczna
tabaczna/ban = tacza
tabaczna/tana = bacz
tabaczna/bacz = tana
tabaczna/tacza = ban
tabaczna/baczna = ta

word = tabaczną
tabaczną/ta = baczną
tabaczną/tan = baczą
tabaczną/baczą = tan
tabaczną/baczną = ta

word = tabaczne
tabaczne/ta = baczne
tabaczne/baczne = ta

word = tabacznego
tabacznego/ta = bacznego
tabacznego/go = tabaczne
tabacznego/tabaczne = go
tabacznego/bacznego = ta

word = tabacznej
tabacznej/ta = bacznej
tabacznej/taj = baczne
tabacznej/baczne = taj
tabacznej/bacznej = ta

word = tabacznemu
tabacznemu/ta = bacznemu
tabacznemu/mu = tabaczne
tabacznemu/tabaczne = mu
tabacznemu/bacznemu = ta

word = tabaczni
tabaczni/ta = baczni
tabaczni/tani = bacz
tabaczni/bacz = tani
tabaczni/baczni = ta

word = tabaczny
tabaczny/ta = baczny
tabaczny/tan = baczy
tabaczny/tany = bacz
tabaczny/bacz = tany
tabaczny/baczy = tan
tabaczny/baczny = ta

word = tabacznych
tabacznych/ta = bacznych
tabacznych/bacznych = ta

word = tabacznym
tabacznym/ta = bacznym
tabacznym/tam = baczny
tabacznym/baczny = tam
tabacznym/bacznym = ta

word = tabacznymi
tabacznymi/ta = bacznymi
tabacznymi/mi = tabaczny
tabacznymi/tai = bacznym
tabacznymi/bacznym = tai
tabacznymi/tabaczny = mi
tabacznymi/bacznymi = ta

word = tabak
tabak/ta = bak
tabak/ba = tak
tabak/tak = ba
tabak/bak = ta

word = tabaka
tabaka/ta = baka
tabaka/ba = taka
tabaka/taka = ba
tabaka/baka = ta
tabaka/abak = ta

word = tabakach
tabakach/ta = bakach
tabakach/ba = takach
tabakach/taka = bach
tabakach/bach = taka
tabakach/tabak = ach
tabakach/takach = ba
tabakach/bakach = ta

word = tabakami
tabakami/ta = bakami
tabakami/mi = tabaka
tabakami/ba = takami
tabakami/abaki = tam
tabakami/tabaka = mi
tabakami/takami = ba
tabakami/bakami = ta

word = tabaką
tabaką/ta = baką
tabaką/tą = abak
tabaką/ba = taką
tabaką/taką = ba
tabaką/baką = ta
tabaką/abak = tą

word = tabakę
tabakę/ta = bakę
tabakę/tę = abak
tabakę/ba = takę
tabakę/takę = ba
tabakę/bakę = ta
tabakę/abak = tę

word = tabaki
tabaki/ta = baki
tabaki/ba = taki
tabaki/tai = bak
tabaki/tak = bai
tabaki/bai = tak
tabaki/bak = tai
tabaki/taki = ba
tabaki/baki = ta

word = tabakier
tabakier/ta = bakier
tabakier/er = tabaki
tabakier/ter = abaki
tabakier/bar = takie
tabakier/takie 