word = wab
NO MATCHES

word = wabcie
wabcie/ce = wabi
wabcie/wab = cie
wabcie/cie = wab
wabcie/wabi = ce

word = wabcież
NO MATCHES

word = wabi
NO MATCHES

word = wabia
NO MATCHES

word = wabiach
wabiach/wabi = ach

word = wabiami
wabiami/mi = wabia
wabiami/wabia = mi

word = wabią
NO MATCHES

word = wabiąc
NO MATCHES

word = wabiąca
NO MATCHES

word = wabiącą
NO MATCHES

word = wabiące
wabiące/ce = wabią
wabiące/wabią = ce

word = wabiącego
wabiącego/go = wabiące
wabiącego/ego = wabiąc
wabiącego/wabiąc = ego
wabiącego/wabiące = go

word = wabiącej
wabiącej/ej = wabiąc
wabiącej/wabiąc = ej

word = wabiącemu
wabiącemu/mu = wabiące
wabiącemu/emu = wabiąc
wabiącemu/wabiąc = emu
wabiącemu/wabiące = mu

word = wabiąco
wabiąco/co = wabią
wabiąco/wabią = co

word = wabiący
NO MATCHES

word = wabiących
NO MATCHES

word = wabiącym
wabiącym/cym = wabią
wabiącym/wabią = cym

word = wabiącymi
wabiącymi/mi = wabiący
wabiącymi/wabiący = mi

word = wabicie
wabicie/ci = wabie
wabicie/bi = wacie
wabicie/cie = wabi
wabicie/wabi = cie
wabicie/wabie = ci
wabicie/wacie = bi

word = wabić
NO MATCHES

word = wabie
NO MATCHES

word = wabiem
wabiem/em = wabi
wabiem/wabi = em

word = wabieni
wabieni/ni = wabie
wabieni/wabie = ni

word = wabienia
NO MATCHES

word = wabieniach
wabieniach/wabieni = ach

word = wabieniami
wabieniami/mi = wabienia
wabieniami/wabienia = mi

word = wabienie
wabienie/nie = wabie
wabienie/wabie = nie

word = wabieniem
wabieniem/nie = wabiem
wabieniem/wabiem = nie
wabieniem/wabieni = em

word = wabieniom
wabieniom/om = wabieni
wabieniom/wabieni = om

word = wabieniu
NO MATCHES

word = wabień
wabień/eń = wabi
wabień/wabi = eń

word = wabię
NO MATCHES

word = wabik
NO MATCHES

word = wabika
wabika/ka = wabi
wabika/wabi = ka

word = wabikach
wabikach/wabik = ach

word = wabikami
wabikami/mi = wabika
wabikami/wabi = kami
wabikami/kami = wabi
wabikami/wabika = mi

word = wabiki
wabiki/ki = wabi
wabiki/wabi = ki

word = wabikiem
wabikiem/ki = wabiem
wabikiem/em = wabiki
wabikiem/kim = wabie
wabikiem/wabie = kim
wabikiem/wabiem = ki
wabikiem/wabiki = em

word = wabikom
wabikom/om = wabik
wabikom/kom = wabi
wabikom/wabi = kom
wabikom/wabik = om

word = wabikowi
wabikowi/owi = wabik
wabikowi/wabik = owi

word = wabików
wabików/ów = wabik
wabików/wabik = ów

word = wabiku
wabiku/ku = wabi
wabiku/wabi = ku

word = wabili
wabili/li = wabi
wabili/bi = wali
wabili/wabi = li
wabili/wali = bi

word = wabiliby
wabiliby/wali = biby
wabiliby/wili = abby
wabiliby/biby = wali
wabiliby/abby = wili
wabiliby/wbili = aby
wabiliby/wabili = by

word = wabilibyście
wabilibyście/abby = wiliście
wabilibyście/wbili = abyście
wabilibyście/wabili = byście
wabilibyście/waście = biliby
wabilibyście/wiliby = abście
wabilibyście/biliby = waście
wabilibyście/abście = wiliby
wabilibyście/wiliście = abby
wabilibyście/wbiliście = aby
wabilibyście/wabiliście = by

word = wabilibyśmy
wabilibyśmy/abby = wiliśmy
wabilibyśmy/wbili = abyśmy
wabilibyśmy/wabili = byśmy
wabilibyśmy/wiliśmy = abby
wabilibyśmy/wbiliśmy = aby
wabilibyśmy/wabiliśmy = by

word = wabiliście
wabiliście/wabi = liście
wabiliście/wili = abście
wabiliście/bili = waście
wabiliście/wabie = liści
wabiliście/liści = wabie
wabiliście/waście = bili
wabiliście/liście = wabi
wabiliście/abście = wili

word = wabiliśmy
NO MATCHES

word = wabił
wabił/ił = wab
wabił/bi = wał
wabił/wab = ił
wabił/wał = bi

word = wabiła
wabiła/bi = wała
wabiła/wab = iła
wabiła/iła = wab
wabiła/wała = bi

word = wabiłaby
wabiłaby/łby = wabia
wabiłaby/wabi = łaby
wabiłaby/wała = biby
wabiłaby/wiła = abby
wabiłaby/biby = wała
wabiłaby/abby = wiła
wabiłaby/łaby = wabi
wabiłaby/wabia = łby
wabiłaby/wabił = aby
wabiłaby/wbiła = aby
wabiłaby/wabiła = by

word = wabiłabym
wabiłabym/wam = biłaby
wabiłabym/abby = wiłam
wabiłabym/wabił = abym
wabiłabym/wbiła = abym
wabiłabym/wiłam = abby
wabiłabym/wabiła = bym
wabiłabym/wbiłam = aby
wabiłabym/biłaby = wam
wabiłabym/wabiłam = by

word = wabiłabyś
wabiłabyś/abby = wiłaś
wabiłabyś/wabił = abyś
wabiłabyś/wbiła = abyś
wabiłabyś/wiłaś = abby
wabiłabyś/wabiła = byś
wabiłabyś/wbiłaś = aby
wabiłabyś/wabiłaś = by

word = wabiłam
wabiłam/wam = biła
wabiłam/bim = wała
wabiłam/łam = wabi
wabiłam/wabi = łam
wabiłam/wała = bim
wabiłam/biła = wam

word = wabiłaś
wabiłaś/łaś = wabi
wabiłaś/wabi = łaś

word = wabiłby
wabiłby/wał = biby
wabiłby/wił = abby
wabiłby/bib = wały
wabiłby/łby = wabi
wabiłby/wabi = łby
wabiłby/wały = bib
wabiłby/wbił = aby
wabiłby/biby = wał
wabiłby/biły = wab
wabiłby/abby = wił
wabiłby/wabił = by

word = wabiłbym
wabiłbym/wam = biłby
wabiłbym/wbił = abym
wabiłbym/wabił = bym
wabiłbym/biłby = wam

word = wabiłbyś
wabiłbyś/wbił = abyś
wabiłbyś/wabił = byś

word = wabiłem
wabiłem/em = wabił
wabiłem/bi = wałem
wabiłem/wab = iłem
wabiłem/iłem = wab
wabiłem/wabił = em
wabiłem/wałem = bi

word = wabiłeś
wabiłeś/eś = wabił
wabiłeś/wał = bieś
wabiłeś/bieś = wał
wabiłeś/wabił = eś

word = wabiło
wabiło/wił = abo
wabiło/abo = wił

word = wabiłoby
wabiłoby/oby = wabił
wabiłoby/abo = wiłby
wabiłoby/wiło = abby
wabiłoby/abby = wiło
wabiłoby/wabił = oby
wabiłoby/wbiło = aby
wabiłoby/wiłby = abo
wabiłoby/wabiło = by

word = wabiły
wabiły/bi = wały
wabiły/wab = iły
wabiły/wił = aby
wabiły/iły = wab
wabiły/aby = wił
wabiły/wały = bi

word = wabiłyby
wabiłyby/aby = wiłby
wabiłyby/wały = biby
wabiłyby/wiły = abby
wabiłyby/biby = wały
wabiłyby/abby = wiły
wabiłyby/wbiły = aby
wabiłyby/wiłby = aby
wabiłyby/wabiły = by

word = wabiłybyście
wabiłybyście/abby = wiłyście
wabiłybyście/wbiły = abyście
wabiłybyście/wiłby = abyście
wabiłybyście/wabiły = byście
wabiłybyście/waście = biłyby
wabiłybyście/wiłyby = abście
wabiłybyście/biłyby = waście
wabiłybyście/abście = wiłyby
wabiłybyście/abyście = wiłby
wabiłybyście/wiłyście = abby
wabiłybyście/wbiłyście = aby
wabiłybyście/wabiłyście = by

word = wabiłybyśmy
wabiłybyśmy/abby = wiłyśmy
wabiłybyśmy/wbiły = abyśmy
wabiłybyśmy/wiłby = abyśmy
wabiłybyśmy/wabiły = byśmy
wabiłybyśmy/abyśmy = wiłby
wabiłybyśmy/wiłyśmy = abby
wabiłybyśmy/wbiłyśmy = aby
wabiłybyśmy/wabiłyśmy = by

word = wabiłyście
wabiłyście/wił = abyście
wabiłyście/wiły = abście
wabiłyście/biły = waście
wabiłyście/waście = biły
wabiłyście/abście = wiły
wabiłyście/abyście = wił

word = wabiłyśmy
wabiłyśmy/wił = abyśmy
wabiłyśmy/abyśmy = wił

word = wabimy
wabimy/my = wabi
wabimy/wabi = my

word = wabiom
wabiom/om = wabi
wabiom/wabi = om

word = wabiona
wabiona/on = wabia
wabiona/ona = wabi
wabiona/abo = wina
wabiona/wabi = ona
wabiona/wina = abo
wabiona/wabia = on

word = wabioną
wabioną/on = wabią
wabioną/oną = wabi
wabioną/abo = winą
wabioną/wabi = oną
wabioną/winą = abo
wabioną/wabią = on

word = wabione
wabione/on = wabie
wabione/one = wabi
wabione/wabi = one
wabione/wabie = on

word = wabionego
wabionego/go = wabione
wabionego/wabi = onego
wabionego/onego = wabi
wabionego/wabione = go

word = wabionej
wabionej/wabi = onej
wabionej/onej = wabi

word = wabionemu
wabionemu/mu = wabione
wabionemu/wabi = onemu
wabionemu/onemu = wabi
wabionemu/wabione = mu

word = wabiono
wabiono/ono = wabi
wabiono/abo = wino
wabiono/wabi = ono
wabiono/wino = abo

word = wabiony
wabiony/abo = winy
wabiony/winy = abo

word = wabionych
wabionych/wabi = onych
wabionych/onych = wabi

word = wabionym
wabionym/ny = wabiom
wabionym/wabi = onym
wabionym/wany = biom
wabionym/onym = wabi
wabionym/biom = wany
wabionym/wabiom = ny

word = wabionymi
wabionymi/mi = wabiony
wabionymi/wabi = onymi
wabionymi/onymi = wabi
wabionymi/wabiony = mi

word = wabiowi
wabiowi/owi = wabi
wabiowi/wabi = owi

word = wabiów
wabiów/ów = wabi
wabiów/wabi = ów

word = wabisz
wabisz/bi = wasz
wabisz/was = biz
wabisz/waz = bis
wabisz/bis = waz
wabisz/biz = was
wabisz/wasz = bi

word = wabiu
NO MATCHES

word = wabmy
wabmy/my = wab
wabmy/by = wam
wabmy/wab = my
wabmy/wam = by

word = wabmyż
NO MATCHES

word = wabże
wabże/że = wab
wabże/be = waż
wabże/wab = że
wabże/waż = be

word = wach
NO MATCHES

word = wacha
NO MATCHES

word = wachach
wachach/cha = wach
wachach/ach = wach
wachach/wach = ach

word = wachami
wachami/mi = wacha
wachami/ci = waham
wachami/cha = wami
wachami/ach = wami
wachami/wami = cha
wachami/wacha = mi
wachami/waham = ci

word = wachą
NO MATCHES

word = wachcie
wachcie/wach = cie

word = wachę
NO MATCHES

word = wachlarek
NO MATCHES

word = wachlarka
wachlarka/wal = charka
wachlarka/walk = chara
wachlarka/char = walka
wachlarka/walka = char
wachlarka/chara = walk
wachlarka/charka = wal

word = wachlarkach
wachlarkach/walk = charach
wachlarkach/char = walkach
wachlarkach/walkach = char
wachlarkach/charach = walk

word = wachlarkami
wachlarkami/mi = wachlarka
wachlar